rework the Credential Response text, fix immediate issuance to have HTTP 200 status code (#490)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

## Credential Response {#credential-response}

> Credential Response can be immediate or deferred and can contain one or more Credentials with the same Credential Configuration and Credential Dataset depending on the Credential Request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Credential Response can be returned immediately or in a deferred manner. The response can contain one or more Credentials with the same Credential Configuration and Credential Dataset depending on the Credential Request:
```

> * If the Credential Issuer is able to immediately issue requested Credentials, it MUST respond with the HTTP status code 200 (see Section 15.3.3 of [@!RFC9110]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the Credential Issuer is able to immediately issue the requested Credentials, it MUST respond with the HTTP status code 200 (see Section 15.3.3 of [@!RFC9110]).
```

> * In other cases, the Credential Issuer may not be able to immediately issue a requested Credential (e.g. a manual review process is involved or the data is not ready yet) and would respond with a `transaction_id` parameter, that the Client may use later at the Deferred Credential endpoint. In this case, Credential Issuer MUST respond with the HTTP status code 202 (see Section 15.3.3 of [@!RFC9110]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the Credential Issuer is not able to immediately issue the requested credentials (e.g. due to a manual review process being required or the data used to issue the credential is not ready yet), the Credential Issuer MUST return a response with a `transaction_id` parameter, that the Client may use later at the Deferred Credential endpoint. In this case, the Credential Issuer MUST also use the HTTP status code 202 for the response (see Section 15.3.3 of [@!RFC9110]).
```

> * If the Credential Issuer is not able to immediately issue the requested credentials (e.g. due to a manual review process being required or the data used to issue the credential is not ready yet), the Credential Issuer MUST return a response with a `transaction_id` parameter, that the Client may use later at the Deferred Credential endpoint. In this case, the Credential Issuer MUST also use the HTTP status code 202 for the response (see Section 15.3.3 of [@!RFC9110]).

Reviewer 2: Some suggestions, and I'm not sure if we want to reference the HTTP RFC for each HTTP status code. This was also not done in OAuth.
```suggestion
* If the Credential Issuer is not able to immediately issue the requested credentials (e.g. due to a manual review process being required or the data used to issue the credential is not ready yet), the Credential Issuer MUST return a response with a `transaction_id` parameter. In this case, the Credential Issuer MUST also use the HTTP status code 202 for the response. This `transaction_id` MAY be used by the Client at a later time with the Deferred Credential endpoint.
```

> If the Client requested an encrypted response by including the `credential_response_encryption` object in the request, the Credential Issuer MUST encode the information in the Credential Response as a JWT using the  parameters from the `credential_response_encryption` object. If the Credential Response is encrypted, the media type of the response MUST be set to `application/jwt`. If encryption was requested in the Credential Request and the Credential Response is not encrypted, the Client SHOULD reject the Credential Response. If the Credential Response is not encrypted, the media type of the response MUST be set to `application/json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the Client requested an encrypted response by including the `credential_response_encryption` object in the request, the Credential Issuer MUST encode the JSON-encoded Credential Response body as a JWT using the parameters from the `credential_response_encryption` object. If the Credential Response is encrypted, the media type of the response MUST be set to `application/jwt`. If encryption was requested in the Credential Request and the Credential Response is not encrypted, the Client SHOULD reject the Credential Response.

If the Credential Response is not encrypted, the media type of the response MUST be set to `application/json`.
```
